---
id: 1a778c5f-d64f-47c0-bb4c-37fa0ff77fb2
title: Burning lankhmar
desc: ''
updated: 1612500669368
created: 1612493402690
parent: null
children:
  - 73f20e61-aab7-489f-8789-36ac643b8800
  - 03081aca-9aad-44c4-8ecc-1eb988589b9f
  - ab3542d2-1e27-4ba1-9f22-beb8d7c8ca52
  - 1830c256-14a9-47e4-b00c-26da2f21ebb6
nav_order: 0
fname: root
hpath: root
permalink: /
---
# Burning Lankhmar

The rock upon which we shall build our game.

## Burning Rogues

### Available Stock

Man & Roden

### Lifepaths

Upto 4. Depending on the tone of the game, a case may occasionally be made for 5. 

- If needed, swap one skill or trait on a lifepath to fit the setting and your character.
  - especially for guild thieves. 
  - One day, perhaps, we can make a set of lifepaths specifically for the mighty Thieves' Guild.
- If needed, you can ignore the setting lead-in for one lifepath. 
  - You might, for example: be _Born a peasant_, but immediately discover you are in fact the _Bastard_ of a Lankhmar nobleman.
- \+3 General skill points. 

### Starting Artha

3 Fate, 2 Persona

### The Supernatural

Characters may use: Faith, Art Magic, Folklore, and Blood Magic.

- Sorcery doesn't require the _Gifted_ trait, but only advances with an instructor or a library and training time, not through making tests.
- Faith: [Nehwon is a many godded realm](https://www.scrollsoflankhmar.com/rpgguide:godsofnehwon).

### Skills

- Weapon skills such as _Knives_ and _Spear_ include the ability to throw said weapon.
  - The _Throwing_ skill can be used for weapons, but also includes non-weapon objects. Like _Brawling_ for thrown attacks.
- The _Sling_ is a fairly common weapon.
  - Sling: 1–3 - B3, 4–5 - B6, 6 - B9. Range ~100 paces. VA — Range dice: Optimal 1D, Long Range 1D. 3 Actions: to load and fire in Fight. +1 Ob for hunting.

### Official Optional Rules

Persona point complications (Spend persona to change the consequence of a failed test, generally it has to bad but different)

## Atlas of All Things

- Cold Wastes (Viking barbarians kinds of snow bound raiders, barbarous and violent, unpredictable)
- The Great Forest (8 cities populate the great forest. They are protective of women and rather insular. Could be there's 1 or 2 general culture traits and 1 unique one per city)
- The Mingol steppes (our Mongol analog. A boogeyman to civilization. They are laconic and fatalistic)
- The Inner Sea
  - Shareenmar (a fairly undefined coastal city, we can make it interesting)
  - Ilthmar (a hive of scum and villainy and not in a fun way. They will grab you and sacrifice you to their Shark God)
- Lankhmar (A most ancient land of vast slave worked grain fields, and its chief metropolis, the city of Lankhmar. Lankmarts are fairly practical and tradition bound. They wouldn't think to interfere with the business of an established extortionist, for example)
- The Eastern Lands (vaguely holy lands flavored)
- Horborixen (the citadel of the king of kings. Vastly wealthy)
- Eevanmarensee (once a vast empire but now a city of people so effete and decadent they, and all their pets, have become entirely hairless)

## A Close Analysis of our Source Materials

### Magics​—As We Have Seen Them

This leaves out magic as done by 

- Snow Witches wielding the subtle powers of ice. [Group action. Both near and far. Could be spirit binding]
- Young Mouser using black magic [both a Poppet, and Blood magic using a sympathetic link]
- Hristomilo conjuring the strangling fog [was partly an alchemical ritual, took time but could also provide protection for weapons]
- Hristomilo offers to read minds using lights and mirrors
- The magic of the Howling Tower [A mind clouding hypnotism to draw in wanderers, and an alchemical/herbal concoction to separate spirit from flesh]
- Atya training and commanding Ravens [Pretty clearly Faith]
- A thousands worshipers of hate summon a deadly mist. [more faith, could this also be an example of blood magic? A widely dispersed suffering?]
- Here lies the apocrypha of the Adept's Gambit [there is a lot of magic here, but it's not technically Nehwon and so I suspect]
- A witch's divination In the Witch's Tent [seems to a trance assisted by some drugs. Aura reading? or some kind of art magic?]
- The power whistle up and down the winds [could be folklore, or a trait, or art magic. Probably a trait]
- The telekinetic powers of Gwaay [art magic with a limited target?]
- Mouser's spell to destroy sorcerers in Quarmall [an interesting exception. It's a scroll given by a much more powerful wizard. Might have been a magical item rather than an example of Sorcery. Actually, this is pretty clearly a failed sorcery attempt]
- Quarmall's hypnotic Light which can snare the unwary traveler [more light based mind magics]
- Quarmal's face swapping. [I think this is a combination of advanced taxidermy and magic]

## The Tone of Swords & Sorceries

### Competence

character's tend to be pretty heroic. We can ignore that bit and play more down to earth characters. Thieves and such, or we can do something more heroical. 
some characters might well end up with gray shade something. Not at character creation though. 

I'm thinking everyone might get something like 3 extra general skill points. I think that's better then just an extra lifepath. Maybe. 

### Magic Items

there's not much as far as magic items go. Not something that characters keep for very long. 

### Sorcery and the Gifted Trait

What about the gifted trait? I'm not sure that it is needed. Magic tends to be large and impressive. The cloud of hate, Hristomilo's strangling fog, the working in the Sea King's story. Even when mouser uses magic it's either reading a dangerous scroll and killing lots of wizards or it's killing a duke with magic. 

Lots of magic is kinda dark. There's the early white vs. black, but that doesn't really stick. Maybe there's some simpler magic being done, but it seems to be fairly dangerous stuff to fool with. 

It might be that blood magic is a thing. Personal suffering adding to your sorceries. 

​—

